README.md, before:

# AlkohoLove-backend-service

## Installing dependencies

Use `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Local development

When running with IDE, set Run/Debug configurations with env variable  
`DATABASE_URL=mongodb://alkoholove_admin:Test1234@localhost:27017/alkoholove?retryWrites=true&w=majority`  
When using docs to test the API use `ModHeader` extension and add header `Authorization: Bearer <token>`

## Docs

Docs are available under `/docs` path

## Docker

To run `$ docker-compose up --build -d`  
To stop `$ docker-compose down --volumes`  
To run just the db `$ docker-compose run -d --service-ports mongodb`  
Db is persisted between launches, to get a brand-new db delete `mongo-data` directory  
Backend on docker will be under `http://localhost:8008/docs`

## Tests

To run tests use `$ pytest` command in tests directory

## Linters

To run linter check use `$ pycodestyle ./src --source-code` in root directory or  
`$ pycodestyle . --source-code` in src directory

## COMMITS CONVENTION

Commits merged into master should follow conventional
commits [convention](https://gist.github.com/Zekfad/f51cb06ac76e2457f11c80ed705c95a3). Long story
short: `<type>: <message> [<jira-ticket>]`

Commit message:

feat: connect backend with cloudinary API [ALKL-171](#37)
* connect with image sotrage

* Delete redundant requirement

* update readme file

* add delete image to delete alcohol and remove get image

* add env var to build_and_test file

* small changes

* add env file

* move env variables to .env file

* delete docker.env

* change .env file handling

* fix build_and_test file

* fix app_config file

* ALKL-171 | make it work

* ALKL-171 | make it work

Co-authored-by: matixezor <mateusz_romanski@interia.pl>

README.md, after:

# AlkohoLove-backend-service

## Installing dependencies

Use `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Local development

When running with IDE, set Run/Debug configurations with env variables:  
`DATABASE_URL=mongodb://alkoholove_admin:Test1234@localhost:27017/alkoholove?retryWrites=true&w=majority`  
`CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME` - get from heroku  
`CLOUDINARY_API_KEY` - get from heroku  
`CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET` - get from heroku  
`SECRET_KEY` - get from heroku  
`ALCOHOL_IMAGES_DIR=test`  
`ALGORITHM` - get from heroku   
or create `.local.env` file with these env variables and set set Run/Debug configurations with env variable  
`ENV=LOCAL`  
To upload image on production storage change env variable to `ALCOHOL_IMAGES_DIR=alcohols`  
When using docs to test the API use `ModHeader` extension and add header `Authorization: Bearer <token>`  

## Docs

Docs are available under `/docs` path

## Docker

When running with docker create `.docker.env` file with env variables:  
`DATABASE_URL=mongodb://alkoholove_admin:Test1234@db:27017/alkoholove?retryWrites=true&w=majority`
`CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME` - get from heroku  
`CLOUDINARY_API_KEY` - get from heroku  
`CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET` - get from heroku  
`SECRET_KEY` - get from heroku  
`ALCOHOL_IMAGES_DIR=test`  
`ALGORITHM` - get from heroku  
To run `$ docker-compose up --build -d`  
To stop `$ docker-compose down --volumes`  
To run just the db `$ docker-compose run -d --service-ports mongodb`  
Db is persisted between launches, to get a brand-new db delete `mongo-data` directory  
Backend on docker will be under `http://localhost:8008/docs`   
To upload image on production storage change env variable to `ALCOHOL_IMAGES_DIR=alcohols`  

## Tests

To run tests use `$ pytest` command in tests directory

## Linters

To run linter check use `$ pycodestyle ./src --source-code` in root directory or  
`$ pycodestyle . --source-code` in src directory

## COMMITS CONVENTION

Commits merged into master should follow conventional
commits [convention](https://gist.github.com/Zekfad/f51cb06ac76e2457f11c80ed705c95a3). Long story
short: `<type>: <message> [<jira-ticket>]`
